Add blog post encouraging new speakers (#25)
PyconUK/2025.pyconuk.org: src/_posts/2025-03-16-encouraging-new-speakers.md

### Why is giving a talk at PyCon UK 2025 a great thing to do?

* **You have something valuable to share:** Whether it’s a cool project, a hard-earned lesson, or a fresh perspective, the PyCon UK 2025 team and the Python community want to hear it.
* **It’s a brilliant way to grow:** Getting up in front of an audience and speaking publicly is a big deal, but there are lots of positives! Public speaking builds confidence, communication skills, and even deepens your understanding of your own topic.
* **You’ll meet amazing people:** You'll get the chance to meet with other speakers and attendees who share similar interests—who knows where this could lead you! Maybe new collaborative partnerships, maybe a job opportunity, or perhaps some new friendships 💛
* **You’ll inspire others:** Your talk might just be what someone in the audience has been waiting to hear—people out there will relate! Your talk is also a fantastic way to raise interest in a project, find people to collaborate with, or draw attention to a problem or challenge you care about.

> Have we convinced you to submit a talk? If the answer is no, that's totally fine! Maybe you’re still feeling a bit apprehensive, especially if it’s your first time doing this type of thing. If that’s the case, Julia Evans has a fantastic blog post on <a href="https://jvns.ca/blog/2014/01/12/public-speaking/" target="_blank">why you should give a talk and why it will be awesome</a>, that might help ease some of those nerves—we’d recommend giving it a read. You can also check out PyCon UK 2025's page on <a href="https://2025.pyconuk.org/call-for-proposals/why-you-should-submit-proposal/" target="_blank">why submitting a talk is a really great thing to do</a>, for you and the Python community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Have we convinced you to submit a talk? If the answer is no, that's totally fine! Maybe you’re still feeling a bit apprehensive, especially if it’s your first time doing this type of thing. If that’s the case, Julia Evans has a fantastic blog post on <a href="https://jvns.ca/blog/2014/01/12/public-speaking/" target="_blank">why you should give a talk and why it will be awesome</a>, that might help ease some of those nerves—we’d recommend giving it a read. You can also check out our page on <a href="https://2025.pyconuk.org/call-for-proposals/why-you-should-submit-proposal/" target="_blank">why submitting a talk is a really great thing to do</a>, for you and the Python community.
```

If you want to spark excitement about Python amongst our younger participants, why not consider submitting a proposal for a Young Coders' event? These hands-on workshops (for ages 8–16) are all about fun, creativity, and exploration—think building games, programming robots, or solving puzzles. The best part? At the end, participants get to showcase their creations to the wider conference!

PyCon UK is about sharing knowledge in all kinds of ways, so whether you want to teach, facilitate, or inspire, there’s a place for your ideas in our programme.

### Lastly, you’ve got this!
Perspectives and experiences of new (and seasoned) contributors are incredibly valuable to the community. You might surprise yourself with how much you have to offer. PyCon UK is a supportive space and our team is here to help you. We want you to remember the experience as a positive one, and we want you to repeat it.

> 🐍🚀 So, what are you waiting for? Head on over to our <a href="https://2025.pyconuk.org/call-for-proposals/" tagrte="_blank">CfP page</a> and submit that proposal. We’re really looking forward to hearing from you! 🐍🚀

Reviewer: ```suggestion
🐍🚀 So, what are you waiting for? Head on over to our <a href="https://2025.pyconuk.org/call-for-proposals/" target="_blank">CFP page</a> and submit that proposal. We’re really looking forward to hearing from you! 🐍🚀
```
